docs: add CIS CRD docs (#25)
statnett/image-scanner-operator: README.md

### Custom resources

> The Image Scanner operator does currently define a single user-facing Custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Image Scanner operator currently defines a single user-facing Custom
```

Resource Definition (CRD), [ContainerImageScan][CIS-CRD] (CIS), that represents the
Kubernetes API for runtime image scanning of workload container images.
See [stas_v1alpha1_containerimagescan.yaml][CIS-example] for a (simplified)
example of a CIS resource.

The CIS resource `.spec` specifies the container image to scan and some
additional workload metadata, and the image scan result is added/updated
in `.status` by the `ContainerImageScan` controller.

> CIS resources should not be edited by a standard users, as the `Workload`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIS resources should not be edited by standard users, as the `Workload`
```

> CIS resources should not be edited by a standard users, as the `Workload`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CIS resources should not be edited by a standard user, as the `Workload`
```

Author: Accepted the suggestions from @oyvsi

> controller will create CIS'es from scheduled pods. And the standard Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
controller will create CIS'es from running pods. And the standard Kubernetes
```

> controller will create CIS'es from scheduled pods. And the standard Kubernetes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
controller will create CISs from scheduled pods. And the standard Kubernetes
```

I am not quite sure how to write plural form of an acronym like this, but I don't think apostrophe is correct:

> The basic rule is quite simple: **use the apostrophe to indicate possession, not a plural**

Source: https://www.hamilton.edu/academics/centers/writing/seven-sins-of-writing/4

Author: ```suggestion
controller will create containerimagescans from scheduled pods. And the standard Kubernetes
```

Author: Can this bring us further? https://www.port.ac.uk/student-life/help-and-advice/study-skills/written-assignments/acronyms-and-initials-apostrophes-and-plurals

Reviewer 3: Hm, I'm OK with changing to *containerimagescans*, but then we should change it consistently?! And why not camelCase as we use for this resource elsewhere in the description?

Reviewer 2: If we use _CIS resources_ then I think we're good 😄

Author: Done.

> garbage collector should delete obsolete resources when owning pods are gone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
garbage collector deletes the obsolete CIS'es when the owning pods are gone.
```

Reviewer 2: Another option:
```suggestion
garbage collector deletes the obsolete CIS resources when the owning pods are gone.
```

A user can influence the image scanning process by adding annotations to pods.
The set of annotations is currently limited, but more might be added in the
future:

| Pod annotation key                         | Default value | Description                                                                                                         |
|--------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `image-scanner.statnett.no/ignore-unfixed` | "false"       | If set to "true", the image-scanner will ignore any detected vulnerability that can't be fix by updating package(s) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `image-scanner.statnett.no/ignore-unfixed` | `false`       | If set to `true`, the Image Scanner will ignore any detected vulnerability that can't be fix by updating package(s) |
```

Elsewhere in the description we have used *Image Scanner* consistently.

Reviewer 2: I think `true` and `false` must be quote in annotations:
```suggestion
| `image-scanner.statnett.no/ignore-unfixed` |  `"false"`      | If set to `"true"`, the Image Scanner will ignore any detected vulnerability that can't be fix by updating package(s) |
```

Author: It is not the Image Scanner (operator) here, but the image-scanner.

Reviewer 2: Good point, just to make it more clear:
```suggestion
| `image-scanner.statnett.no/ignore-unfixed` | `"false"`       | If set to `"true"`, the image-scanner controller will ignore any detected vulnerability that can't be fix by updating package(s) |
```

Author: But it is not the "image-scanner controller", but the image-scanner. 😉

Reviewer 2: Ahh, as in Trivy?
```suggestion
| `image-scanner.statnett.no/ignore-unfixed` |  `"false"`       | If set to `"true"`, the image-scanner will ignore any detected vulnerability that can't be fix by updating package(s) |
```

Author: I have now fixed the quotes in quotes. Are you ok with image-scanner? Or image scanner? It is the scanner, and not the controller/operator I am trying to refer to here.

Author: > Ahh, as in Trivy?

Yes, indeed. Via the controller/operator, but...

Reviewer 2: _image-scanner_ works for me 👍

Reviewer 3: This was confusing to me. Since you are making a difference here, I think it could be slightly less subtle, e.g. *the image scanner engine*? Naming is hard!

Author: On second thought, I will change it to "Image Scanner". I on't really care, and prefer spending time on code. 😉
